fix(curriculum): add review lessons for functions in pyramid project (#54973)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-introductory-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/66507c5f5766304f531cdfea.md

---
id: 66507c5f5766304f531cdfea
title: Step 50
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-50
---

# --description--

> Before moving on, take a moment to review how function works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before moving on, take a moment to review how functions work.
```

This one was totally my fault.

---
id: 66507c5f5766304f531cdfea
title: Step 50
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-50
---

# --description--

Learning about functions for the first time can sometimes be a lot to take in. Before you move onto the next lessons, you will review what you have learned so far about about functions.

In this step, you will need to do the following:

> - Create a function called ```addTwoNumbers``` that takes two parameters called ```num1``` and ```num2```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a function called `addTwoNumbers` that takes two parameters called `num1` and `num2`.
```

Inline code takes one backtick, not three. This will need to be fixed throughout your changes.

- The function should return the sum of the two numbers.
- Call the `addTwoNumbers` function and pass in the numbers `5` and `10`.
- Then on a new line, call the `addTwoNumbers` function again and pass in the numbers `10` and `20`.

> 

Author: > Let's make them think about this a bit more, since it's a review step.

Do you mean the result variable as the sum? Keeping result as `result` is making me think it to be a separate variable.

> 

Reviewer: Yes - I edited the suggestion. Good catch!

# --hints--

You should have a function called `addTwoNumbers`.

```js
assert.isFunction(addTwoNumbers);

```

Your `addTwoNumbers` function should take two parameters called `num1` and `num2`.

```js
assert.match(addTwoNumbers.toString(), /\(num1\s*,\s*num2\)/);

```

Your function should return the sum of the two numbers.

```js

assert.strictEqual(addTwoNumbers(2,3), 5);

```

> You should call the `addTwoNumbers` function and pass in the numbers `5` and `10` for the arguments.

Author: Did you meant "You should assign `sum` the value from calling the `addTwoNumbers` function with `5` and `10` for the arguments."?

> You should call the `addTwoNumbers` function and pass in the numbers `5` and `10` for the arguments.

Reviewer: Yes, thanks!
